mirror
mirror mirror on the wall who's the
fairest
of them all hey
it's the new girl hello i'm elena
come in come in
so good to see you elena i'm agatha
agatha johnson pleased to meet you mrs
johnson
welcome to the johnson family um
i come from madrid oh no no
welcome to the johnson family
my family is in spain yes
yes i know you must be tired after your
long journey
sorry i don't understand my english is
not very good
you must be
tired after your
journey yes very tired
very long journey yes
well now let's sit down together oh
thank you
is everything all right everything is
all right
mrs johnson no you call me
agatha ah all right thank you agatha
you're part of the family now the
part of the family yes
my family my brother oh
me oh um i have four brothers
four brothers wow wow that's nice
they're big boys really what about
sisters
i also have three sisters oh dear that's
too many
my family is a very big many people
yes elena that's nice you have a big
family
i have a small family
now an extra person me yes elena you're
one of the family now
thank you agatha that's nice well now
it's tea time oh good
one cup of tea two cups of tea
yes that's right i'll take your bags to
your room
then go into the kitchen
what what heavy bags yes many bags
no no it's a heavy heavy bags
oh yes heavy very heavy bags
okay i'll be right back
all right
hmm
here we are t four
two thank you
milk and sugar yes please
have a biscuit they're homemade no
thank you now you must
tell me about yourself your family
mom dad i have four brothers
and three sisters
well i'm a student and i go to a
language school
to study english yes
my english is not very good no no no no
it's quite good where is the school
it's near here on exeter avenue
that's very close good
just 10 minutes oh that's easy
perhaps victor could take you
by car victor who's victor
my brother your brother
that is a photo of victor oh
he's a big boy well he's 25.
and that is my boyfriend harold
your boyfriend he works in a bank
in a bank that's my brother
alan or your brother he lives in
sydney in australia yes he loves it
oh i want to see australia me too
perhaps one day and
and who's that photo oh that's just my
sister betty
or your sister she lives near here i see
her
every day every day yes
we go shopping together you go shopping
she's a very difficult person
but she's your sister yes
she's a very difficult sister
and this
this is a photo of my mother
and my father your mother and your
father
your parents yes my parents
on their anniversary day sorry i don't
understand on the day that they got
married
oh oh yes that anniversary day yes
and here is the rest of my family
oh that's interesting oh
that's victor oh he is punctual
like always he arrives at home at five
o'clock
every day every day
he lives here yes he lives with me
oh he lives here yes with my cat
felix oh your cat felix and my
canary tweety your canary twitter
hello victor come in and
meet elena hello darling
hi agatha
who are you i'm elena
darling this is elena
uh elena hello elena
uh what are you doing here she's staying
with us sweetheart
why don't you tell me about these things
oh i
do i do i tell you everything darling
elena this is my gorgeous brother
vic he's very handsome very clever
and very forgetful i'm studying english
here
i come from madrid nice to meet you
studying english yes i want to speak a
good english
and become a tourist guide lovely
lovely girl where
where are you studying at the queen
school
on exeter avenue you know it
do i know it agatha
do i know the school of course darling
of course he does
of course i do silly me silly you
silly you well
i think that we are going to have a
wonderful time with elena staying here
yes a wonderful time thank you
how long are you going to be in london
that's right
get to know each other and i'll
go start dinner can i help you agatha
no sweet girl you stay right where you
are
all right when did you arrive
uh today and you'll be staying with us
until you go back to spain when
um i go back to madrid after
my english course and my language course
is
eight weeks love is in the air
love is in the air i'm sorry my sister
is a little
eccentric your sister is very nice
tell me tell me about your family elena
i have many uh sister
and brothers are you the oldest uh
no i have two brothers and one sister
who are older older older than you
yes and my my mother
is carmen and my father is fernando
and this is your first time away from
madrid
yes um i'm happy uh to be in london but
also i'm a little sad uh you miss
uh you miss your big family yes but
but you are very kind and you are very
nice
thank you and what does your
what does your father do back in madrid
what's his job
he makes this and
and this um
um oh he makes he makes furniture
yes yeah and your mother does she work
my mother works very hard in the house
cooking washing cleaning
your mother is a housewife a housewife
housewife
so how are you getting along
uh just fine thanks agatha
very fine thank you wonderful
now come and help me set the table
okay can i help
all right yes please set the table there
set the table i'll help you oh
that's a good boy
the plates
is your boyfriend harold eating with us
no harold is in oxford
harold's bank has an office in oxford
oh our knives and forks
knife fork
and spoon
is the table set uh yes i guess
good sit down please dinner is ready
are we having dinner now why of course
dear
what are we having we are having soup
and salad do you like chicken soup elena
yes thank you
oh please put the napkins on the table
victor oh sorry
um here they are
my silly victor he forgets everything
everything
here is your soup help yourselves to the
bread
thank you agatha you're welcome my dear
it's so nice to have you here yes it's
it's nice to have you here
thank you daddy's very kind nonsense
now let's eat
how's your soup it's delicious
what's wrong dear don't you like it
oh well you don't feel well no
i'm sorry it is a bit early for me
i am not really hungry not hungry
um what time does your family eat dinner
back in spain
uh we eat dinner at 10 o'clock at home
wow
imagine that we're usually in bed before
midnight
elena darling you must forgive our
strange
english habits no it is all a bit
strange for me now
my poor dear you must be exhausted
maybe you should go to bed uh soon elena
yes please uh i'm sorry no
don't worry you go in and sleep thank
you
both good night elena night
good night sleep well dear
not again i guess don't do this to me
again
why my darling brother what are you
talking about
oh good morning you're up uh early
yes i'm looking for um for my
um for your keys yeah thank you
thank you victor um do your classes
start
today no i start classes on wednesday
i'm looking for a job today oh um it's a
good idea to get the
the paper early can i can i make you
some tea
do you have coffee sorry i'm not sure if
we have any coffee let me have a look
darling good morning oh good morning
agatha
what a clever girl you're doing morning
exercises
uh yes yes did you sleep well
very well i'm sorry no coffee maybe we
should add it to the shopping list
oh yes yes tell me what you need i'm
going
shopping with my sister betty oh coffee
would be nice
well what are your plans for today
sweetheart oh she's
uh job hunting she's looking for a
part-time job
how industrious well a pretty girl like
you will have no trouble finding a job
here's the paper and look there's one
it's uh here in kensington a
video store on the high street
oh young person with
excellent communication skills that's
perfect
yeah and afternoon shifts thursdays
saturdays and sundays uh where is the
high street
just make a left at the top of our road
onto hornton
and then make another left onto the high
street the store is on your right
next to the tube station uh the tube
um i'll walk you up there okay thank you
that is very kind of you
nonsense my brother's a gentleman
um go get ready and i'll meet you
downstairs
in 15 minutes okay okay
well good luck my dear have a nice day
thanks you too i'll see you in a little
while
bye bye bye
hello hello how was your day
fabulous fabulous fabulous
is excellent i had a fabulous day too
uh going shopping yes
betty and i shopped all day
look at my new nail polish
and this blouse is new it looks divine
on me don't you think
it's very beautiful and i have
a skirt to go with it
and a pair of boots
lovely of course betty is jealous
she says i spend too much
money on clothes hi girls
it's getting cold out there i think it's
going to rain
oh i hope not had a productive day
agatha
yes delightful and
how was your interview elena uh
productive
i start work on thursday after the
school
congratulations well done darling
and um when do you finish work
um my shifts are from three to seven
and what will you do at the store
i put the videos on their shelves and i
find
information on the computer for
customers
i love movies do you know what my
favorite movie is
no what is your favorite movie
butterfield
eight well any movie with liz taylor
um i don't know it agatha watches it
a lot betty has the video
oh i would like to see the movie too
you will love it liz
wears the most brilliant clothes
and lawrence harvey
what a man do you like it victor
it's a bit old for me i prefer science
fiction and fantasy stories
when i finish my course i'd like to try
painting sets for films
oh that sounds exciting speaking of
clothing
do you have a warm coat elena
this is my coat oh you will die of cold
in that coat
you will really need a warmer coat
soon elena it gets very cold
in london not like sunny barcelona
madrid um we might get some
some snow at christmas no no that will
be a new experience for you
yes oh wonderful you don't have school
tomorrow
let's go shopping
okay let's go shopping can i sit
here can i close the door can i
could i call you tonight could i drink
this cup of coffee
could i may i ask you a question
may i use your computer maya
now for do you mind if
do you mind if we turn off the fan
do you mind if i smoke here
for would you mind if would you mind if
i
opened the window would you might
if i turned the tv on
uh would it be all right would it be
okay if
would it be okay if i took a picture
here
and would it be okay sorry would it be
all right
if they read your book and
um is it okay if is it okay if i take a
break
now and is it okay if we come home late
so now remember
for an informal situation you can answer
sure all right fine
oh okay or go ahead
yes sure yes of course of course don't
say cold okay
course yes of course not a problem
uh now if you
are in a formal situation you want to
say something really politely
something really formally you can say be
my guest
or yes of course be my guest
or certainly be my guest or please do
or yes it's my pleasure this is my
pleasure
and if you don't want you don't really
want to give permission
but you still give permission in a
reluctant way you can say i guess
or it's up to you or
if you want or whatever
when someone asks for permission
if you want to answer them in a polite
way
you can say one of these ones
i don't think that's a good idea i don't
think that's a good idea
i'd rather you didn't i'd rather you
didn't
i'm sorry but that's not possible i'm
sorry
but that it's not possible i'm afraid
you can't i'm afraid you can or
unfortunately i need to say no
unfortunately i need to say no or no
please don't no please don't
or if you want to answer in a less
polite way
you can say one of these ones i don't
think so
or no or do you have to
ah and if you want to answer
in an impolite way you can say one of
these ones
absolutely not forget it
or you must be out of your mind you must
be out of your mind
would you like to after that is the base
form
of the verb would you like to go to a
movie tonight
would you like to go to a movie tonight
that means do you want to
do you want to go to the cinema to watch
your film with me
would you like to have lunch with me
have lunch with me have lunch with me
number two
do you want to you can say do you want
her
so remember do you want to is
the the informal way of would you like
to
so would you sorry do you want to
do you wanna go shopping now do you
wanna go shopping now
do you wanna play tennis with us
tomorrow
evening evening how about going to the
swimming pool
how about going to the swimming pool
that means do you want to go to the
swimming pool with me how about watching
tv that means
do you want to watch tv how about
watching
tv number four less
let's hear remember it has to go
it has to go with s let's that means
let us that means we are going to do
something together
uh let's play soccer
after less is the base form of the verb
play or go let's play soccer you can say
play soccer or
play football soccer is
preferred in america and british people
usually use football so you can say
football or
soccer okay let's play soccer or let's
play football
let's go to there you can say girder
supermarket let's go to the supermarket
why don't we
have coffee tonight why don't we have
coffee tonight that means
let's have coffee tonight or would you
like to have coffee tonight
why don't we go for a stroll we would be
delighted if you could join us for lunch
on thursday
number nine please be our guest for a
dinner on saturday evening
now would you like to have dinner with
me tomorrow evening
for informal situation from number one
to number four you can say
i love to thanks that sounds great
that sounds good that sounds interesting
that sounds like fun
or sounds great sounds good sounds
interesting
sounds like fun or in short form
great good interesting or
nice number three that's a good idea
that's a great idea or good idea good
idea
and for number four sure thank you very
easy
right five that'll be nice thank you
six is very nice of you i'd love to
or number seven i'll be glad to do so
number eight
thank thanks i like that very much
or number nine many thanks for your kind
invitation
i'll join you or many thanks for
inviting
me i'll show you one more time
one two six kind of informal
seven and eight i think they are very
formal okay
so one i'd love to but i already have
plans
i i really like to but unfortunately
i'm busy then sorry
but i can i have to work sorry but i can
i have glasses there sorry but i can't
i have another appointment four
sorry but i don't think i can make it
sorry but i don't think i'm free
tomorrow evening
fine i'm afraid i won't be able to make
it
or i'm afraid i've got something else on
there
six i'm really sorry
but i have something else to do
seven and eight formal thanks for your
invitation
but i'm busy then thanks for inviting me
but i'm busy then eight
it's very kind of view but i can't
accept your invitation